Feature/product sku names (#865)
vtex-apps/store-components: docs/ProductSKUAttributes.md

📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-components) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion). 

# Product SKU Attributes

The `ProductSKUAttributes` is a block responsible for **displaying a list of the currrent SKU variations** for the product.

> 

Reviewer: Can you add here the image used to describe the PR?

## Configuration

> 1. Import the `vtex.store-components` app to your theme's dependencies in the `manifest.json`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the `vtex.store-components` app to your theme's dependencies in the `manifest.json` file:
```

> ```json
>   "dependencies: {
>     "vtex.store-components": "3.x"
>   }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff
  "dependencies: {
+   "vtex.store-components": "3.x"
  }
```
```

> 2. Add the `product-sku-attributes` block to any block below `store.product` (Product template). For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the `product-sku-attributes` block to any block in the `store.product` template (Product Details Page template). For example:
```

```json
  "store.product": {
    "children": [
      "flex-layout.row#product",
    ]
  },
  "flex-layout.row#product": {
    "children": [
      "product-sku-attributes"
    ]
  },
```

> 

Reviewer: Hey, Wender! I have a question about this step. I'm not sure if I understood it correctly, but the idea here is to declare the block anywhere? And then it is going to be automatically rendered in the "right" place on the UI?

## Customization

In order to apply CSS customizations in this and other blocks, follow the instructions given in the recipe on [Using CSS Handles for store customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization).

> | CSS Handles |
> | --- |
> | `ProductSKUAttributesContainer` |
> | `attributeValue` |
> | `attributeName` |
> | `attributeLine` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CSS Handles |
| --- |
| `attributeLine` |
| `attributeName` |
| `attributeValue` |
| `ProductSKUAttributesContainer` |
```
